CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

## Setup development environment

`serpapi-javascript` is developed using Deno. Refer to
https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/installation to install Deno.

Ensure you're running at least Deno v1.28.3.

```bash
deno --version
deno upgrade  # to upgrade to the latest version
```

Install the appropriate extension for your preferred editor/IDE:
https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/setup_your_environment. The extension
"integrates directly to the Deno CLI using the language server protocol. This
helps ensure that the information you get about your code aligns to how that
code will work when you try to run it under the Deno CLI."[^1]

If you use VSCode, the necessary configurations have been defined in
`.vscode/settings.json`. Simply install the
[vscode_deno extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=denoland.vscode-deno)
and you're good to go.

## Write tests

- Every new feature must have associated tests.
- Tests are to be added in the `tests/` folder.
- Use Deno's
  [`bdd.ts` module](https://deno.land/manual/basics/testing/behavior_driven_development)
  to write tests. It provides the typical `before` and `after` hooks.

### Tests that require an API key

- When testing functionality that hits either `localhost` or
  `https://serpapi.com`, and requires an API key, you need to ensure your API
  key is specified as an environment variable.
- Create a `.env` file with the following contents, replacing `YOUR_API_KEY`
  with your API key for the appropriate environment.

```
SERPAPI_TEST_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
```

- Note that for tests that require an API key, the test suite skips them if an
  API key is not defined, e.g. the following test is ignored when no API key has
  been set in the `.env` file.

```ts
it("getJson with api key from config", {
  ignore: !HAS_API_KEY,
}, async () => {
  ...
});
```

## Run tests

```bash
deno task test         # Run tests that hit "localhost"
deno task test:watch   # Run tests that hit "localhost" and in watch mode: https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/command_line_interface#watch-mode
deno task test:cov     # Get test coverage by running tests that hit "localhost"
deno task test:ci      # Run tests that hit "https://serpapi.com"
```

## Update documentation

- Every exposed function must have associated JSDoc comments.
- [`documentation.js`](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation) relies
  on these JSDoc comments to generate documentation in Markdown.
- Run the following to update `README.md`.

```bash
deno task docs:gen
```

## Generate types

TypeScript types are generated from the backend code. Follow these steps to
update the types.

1. Run `bundle exec rails sdk:generate_ts_types` in the backend repository.
2. Replace everything in `src/engines` with the generated files from
   `tmp/ts/engines`.

## Get approval

- Ensure all associated tests have been added
- Ensure all tests pass
- Ensure all relevant documentation have been updated
- Ensure the changelog has been updated with your changes

Once you've done the above, create a pull request with a clear description.
SerpApi project members will then review the request.

## Release new versions

1. Update changelog.
2. Merge the associated PR and ensure the "Build" workflow succeeds.
3. Update `version.ts` based on [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), e.g.
   `1.2.0`.
4. Push `version.ts`. This triggers the "Release" workflow.
5. Verify that new versions have been released on npm and deno.land/x.

[^1]: https://deno.land/manual/references/vscode_deno

Commit message:

Refine type exports
- Export engine params directly from `mod.ts` rather than in `engines/index.d.ts`
- Rename `engines/index.d.ts` to `engines/engine_map.d.ts` since it only exports the EngineMap type

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## Setup development environment

`serpapi-javascript` is developed using Deno. Refer to
https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/installation to install Deno.

Ensure you're running at least Deno v1.28.3.

```bash
deno --version
deno upgrade  # to upgrade to the latest version
```

Install the appropriate extension for your preferred editor/IDE:
https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/setup_your_environment. The extension
"integrates directly to the Deno CLI using the language server protocol. This
helps ensure that the information you get about your code aligns to how that
code will work when you try to run it under the Deno CLI."[^1]

If you use VSCode, the necessary configurations have been defined in
`.vscode/settings.json`. Simply install the
[vscode_deno extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=denoland.vscode-deno)
and you're good to go.

## Write tests

- Every new feature must have associated tests.
- Tests are to be added in the `tests/` folder.
- Use Deno's
  [`bdd.ts` module](https://deno.land/manual/basics/testing/behavior_driven_development)
  to write tests. It provides the typical `before` and `after` hooks.

### Tests that require an API key

- When testing functionality that hits either `localhost` or
  `https://serpapi.com`, and requires an API key, you need to ensure your API
  key is specified as an environment variable.
- Create a `.env` file with the following contents, replacing `YOUR_API_KEY`
  with your API key for the appropriate environment.

```
SERPAPI_TEST_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
```

- Note that for tests that require an API key, the test suite skips them if an
  API key is not defined, e.g. the following test is ignored when no API key has
  been set in the `.env` file.

```ts
it("getJson with api key from config", {
  ignore: !HAS_API_KEY,
}, async () => {
  ...
});
```

## Run tests

```bash
deno task test         # Run tests that hit "localhost"
deno task test:watch   # Run tests that hit "localhost" and in watch mode: https://deno.land/manual/getting_started/command_line_interface#watch-mode
deno task test:cov     # Get test coverage by running tests that hit "localhost"
deno task test:ci      # Run tests that hit "https://serpapi.com"
```

## Update documentation

- Every exposed function must have associated JSDoc comments.
- [`documentation.js`](https://github.com/documentationjs/documentation) relies
  on these JSDoc comments to generate documentation in Markdown.
- Run the following to update `README.md`.

```bash
deno task docs:gen
```

## Generate types

TypeScript types are generated from the backend code. Follow these steps to
update the types.

1. Run `bundle exec rails sdk:generate_ts_types` in the backend repository.
2. Replace everything in `src/engines` with the generated files from
   `tmp/ts/engines`.
3. Update `mod.ts` with the new engine exports from `tmp/ts/mod.ts`.

## Get approval

- Ensure all associated tests have been added
- Ensure all tests pass
- Ensure all relevant documentation have been updated
- Ensure the changelog has been updated with your changes

Once you've done the above, create a pull request with a clear description.
SerpApi project members will then review the request.

## Release new versions

1. Update changelog.
2. Merge the associated PR and ensure the "Build" workflow succeeds.
3. Update `version.ts` based on [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/), e.g.
   `1.2.0`.
4. Push `version.ts`. This triggers the "Release" workflow.
5. Verify that new versions have been released on npm and deno.land/x.

[^1]: https://deno.land/manual/references/vscode_deno
